The Futre of Computer-based Interactive Technology... Issues Relating to Research and Practice.
by John Langone, Tom J. Clees, Lloyd Rieber, Michael Matzko

  
  Generalization: the ability to apply skills acquired in one context to an appropriate situation in a different context.
  Stimulus generalization: "transfer of acquired skills from training to non-training settings"
  
  Situatated learning: learning occurs in same context in which is applied (realistic settings)
  
  Anchored instruction: learning structured in such a way that knowledge must be used to solve problems
  
  Constructivism: Piaget's theory about constructing new knowledge from experiences using:
    - Assimilation: new experience incorporated into existing mental framework without changing that framework
    - Accomodation: new experience leads to reframing of mental framework; example: learning from mistakes 
  
  Common stimuli: instructional stimuli that are identical to real-world stimuli
  
  Microworld: environment that allows "learners to participate in a domain to the point that they experience the information within meaningful contexts"

  Simulation: mimics real or imaginary system
  
  Effectiveness of educational simulation dependent on:
    1. Underrlying model: subject matter
    2. Instructional overlay: feedback/guidance 
    3. Scenario: situation in which sim takes place
  
  Multiple stimulus exemplars: multiple different stumuli that cue same target response (e.g. different fonts to teach what "A" looks like)
  
  Video-based instruction can have generalized effects, especially when paired w/ interactive component
  
  Recommendations for maximum generalization:
    1. Using common physical stimuli
    2. using common social stimuli
    3. using many examples of varied stimuli (multiple exemplars)
    4. using many examples of correct responses
    5. using natural contingencies (e.g. producing correct change to buy soda -> new can of soda)
   
  "No cielings, no floors" : should be accessible/enjoyable for least challenged to most challenged
  
  Research Questions with regard to SHOP package:
    1. Knowledge and performance competencies in school and home-based instruction
    2. Generalization of skills to real-world settings
    3. Generalization of incidentally acquired skills (word recognition from labels)
    
  Main idea: promote generalization using interactive computer-based multimedia 
  
  Obstacles: different teachers have different styles.
